Tradcliffe expediagroup/confluence to markdown action (#16820)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/new-pigs-jam.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-confluence-to-markdowwn': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-confluence-to-markdowwn': minor
```

---

> Created new action for converting confluence docs to Markdown, to be pushed to GitHub repos configured for Techdocs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created `confluence:transform:markdown` action for converting confluence docs to Markdown.
```
